README.md, before:

# The Shopkeeper's Quest

The Shopkeeper's Quest is a text-based adventure game written in Python. It is licensed under MIT and it is free for anyone to play and modify.<br>
Based on [Steamed Hams: The Game Plus!](https://github.com/SolidLamp/Steamed-Hams)<br>

Inspired by:

- [Colossal Cave Adventure](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colossal_Cave_Adventure)
- [King's Quest](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/King%27s_Quest_I)
- [Henry Stickmin](https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Henry_Stickmin_Collection)
- [Minecraft: Story Mode](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minecraft%3A_Story_Mode)
- [RTX Morshu: The Game](https://koshkamatew.itch.io/morshugame-demo)


## Usage and Requirements

- Requires Python 3.7+.
- Requires ncurses (Linux/MacOS/*BSD/*nix). Windows users will have to wait until I actually finish.
- To run the game, you simply run `TheShopKeepersQuest.py` with your installation of Python (e.g. `python3 TheShopKeepersQuest.py` on Debian and many others; doesn't matter). It's a simple Python script, really.

Commit message:

Virtually complete; everything now uses curses

README.md, after:

# The Shopkeeper's Quest

The Shopkeeper's Quest is a text-based adventure game written in Python. It is licensed under MIT and it is free for anyone to play and modify.<br>
Based on [Steamed Hams: The Game Plus!](https://github.com/SolidLamp/Steamed-Hams)<br>

Inspired by:

- [Colossal Cave Adventure](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Colossal_Cave_Adventure)
- [King's Quest](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/King%27s_Quest_I)
- [Henry Stickmin](https://simple.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Henry_Stickmin_Collection)
- [Minecraft: Story Mode](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Minecraft%3A_Story_Mode)
- [RTX Morshu: The Game](https://koshkamatew.itch.io/morshugame-demo)


## Usage and Requirements

- Requires Python 3.7+.
- Requires ncurses (Linux/MacOS/*BSD/*nix), which is likely pre-installed. For Windows, you must install windows-curses from PyPI using PIP (or your favourite Python package tool).
- To run the game, you simply run `TheShopKeepersQuest.py` with your installation of Python (e.g. `python3 TheShopKeepersQuest.py` on Debian and many others; doesn't matter). It's a simple Python script, really.
